he made the altar of burnt-offering of
he made the altar of burnt-offering of acacia wood five cubits was its length
acacia wood five cubits was its length
acacia wood five cubits was its length and five cubits its width it was square
and five cubits its width it was square
and five cubits its width it was square and its height was three cubits he made
and its height was three cubits he made
and its height was three cubits he made its horns on its four corners the horns
its horns on its four corners the horns
its horns on its four corners the horns were of one piece with it and he
were of one piece with it and he
were of one piece with it and he overlaid it with bronze he made all the
overlaid it with bronze he made all the
overlaid it with bronze he made all the utensils for the altar the pans the
utensils for the altar the pans the
utensils for the altar the pans the shovels the basins the forks and the
shovels the basins the forks and the
shovels the basins the forks and the fire pans all its utensils he made of
fire pans all its utensils he made of
fire pans all its utensils he made of bronze and he made a great of bronze
bronze and he made a great of bronze
bronze and he made a great of bronze Network for the altar under its rim
Network for the altar under its rim
Network for the altar under its rim Midway from the bottom he cast four
Midway from the bottom he cast four
Midway from the bottom he cast four rings for the four corners of the bronze
rings for the four corners of the bronze
rings for the four corners of the bronze grating as holders for the poles and he
grating as holders for the poles and he
grating as holders for the poles and he made the poles of acacia wood and
made the poles of acacia wood and
made the poles of acacia wood and overlaid them with bronze then he put
overlaid them with bronze then he put
overlaid them with bronze then he put the poles into the rings on the sides of
the poles into the rings on the sides of
the poles into the rings on the sides of the altar with which to bear it he made
the altar with which to bear it he made
the altar with which to bear it he made the altar hollow with boards he made the
the altar hollow with boards he made the
the altar hollow with boards he made the laver of bronze and his base of bronze
laver of bronze and his base of bronze
laver of bronze and his base of bronze from the bronze mirrors of the serving
from the bronze mirrors of the serving
from the bronze mirrors of the serving women who assembled at the door of the
women who assembled at the door of the
women who assembled at the door of the tabernacle of meeting then he made the
tabernacle of meeting then he made the
tabernacle of meeting then he made the court on the south side the hangings of
court on the south side the hangings of
court on the south side the hangings of the court were a fine woven linen 100
the court were a fine woven linen 100
the court were a fine woven linen 100 cubits long there were 20 pillars for
cubits long there were 20 pillars for
cubits long there were 20 pillars for them with twenty bronze sockets the
them with twenty bronze sockets the
them with twenty bronze sockets the hooks of the pillars and their bans were
hooks of the pillars and their bans were
hooks of the pillars and their bans were silver on the north side the hangings
silver on the north side the hangings
silver on the north side the hangings were 100 cubits long with 20 pillars and
were 100 cubits long with 20 pillars and
were 100 cubits long with 20 pillars and there 20 bronze sockets the hooks of the
there 20 bronze sockets the hooks of the
there 20 bronze sockets the hooks of the pillars and their bans were silver and
pillars and their bans were silver and
pillars and their bans were silver and on the west side
on the west side
on the west side there were hangings of 50 cubits with
there were hangings of 50 cubits with
there were hangings of 50 cubits with ten pillars and there ten sockets the
ten pillars and there ten sockets the
ten pillars and there ten sockets the hooks of the pillars and their bands
hooks of the pillars and their bands
hooks of the pillars and their bands were silver for the east side the
were silver for the east side the
were silver for the east side the hangings were 50 cubits the hangings of
hangings were 50 cubits the hangings of
hangings were 50 cubits the hangings of one side of the gate were 15 cubits long
one side of the gate were 15 cubits long
one side of the gate were 15 cubits long with their three pillars and their three
with their three pillars and their three
with their three pillars and their three sockets and the same for the other side
sockets and the same for the other side
sockets and the same for the other side of the court gate on this side and that
of the court gate on this side and that
of the court gate on this side and that were hangings of 15 cubits with their
were hangings of 15 cubits with their
were hangings of 15 cubits with their three pillars and their three sockets
three pillars and their three sockets
three pillars and their three sockets all the hangings of the court all around
all the hangings of the court all around
all the hangings of the court all around but a fine woven linen the sockets for
but a fine woven linen the sockets for
but a fine woven linen the sockets for the pillars were bronze the hooks of the
the pillars were bronze the hooks of the
the pillars were bronze the hooks of the pillars and their bands were silver and
pillars and their bands were silver and
pillars and their bands were silver and the overlay of their capitals was silver
the overlay of their capitals was silver
the overlay of their capitals was silver and all the pillars of the court had
and all the pillars of the court had
and all the pillars of the court had bands of silver the screen for the gate
bands of silver the screen for the gate
bands of silver the screen for the gate of the court was woven of blue purple
of the court was woven of blue purple
of the court was woven of blue purple and scarlet thread and a fine woven
and scarlet thread and a fine woven
and scarlet thread and a fine woven linen the length was 20 cubits and the
linen the length was 20 cubits and the
linen the length was 20 cubits and the height along its width was five cubits
height along its width was five cubits
height along its width was five cubits corresponding to the hangings of the
corresponding to the hangings of the
corresponding to the hangings of the court and there were four pillars were
court and there were four pillars were
court and there were four pillars were there four sockets of bronze their hooks
there four sockets of bronze their hooks
there four sockets of bronze their hooks were silver and the overlay of their
were silver and the overlay of their
were silver and the overlay of their capitals and their bands was silver all
capitals and their bands was silver all
capitals and their bands was silver all the pegs of the tabernacle and of the
the pegs of the tabernacle and of the
the pegs of the tabernacle and of the court all around were bronze this is the
court all around were bronze this is the
court all around were bronze this is the inventory of the tabernacle the
inventory of the tabernacle the
inventory of the tabernacle the tabernacle of the testimony which was
tabernacle of the testimony which was
tabernacle of the testimony which was counted according to the commandment of
counted according to the commandment of
counted according to the commandment of Moses for the service of the Levites by
Moses for the service of the Levites by
Moses for the service of the Levites by the hand of ofoma
the hand of ofoma
the hand of ofoma son of Aaron the priest Bezalel the son
son of Aaron the priest Bezalel the son
son of Aaron the priest Bezalel the son of Juraj the son of hur of the tribe of
of Juraj the son of hur of the tribe of
of Juraj the son of hur of the tribe of judah made all that the Lord had
judah made all that the Lord had
judah made all that the Lord had commanded Moses and with him was a
commanded Moses and with him was a
commanded Moses and with him was a holier the son of a his anak of the
holier the son of a his anak of the
holier the son of a his anak of the tribe of Dan and engraver and designer a
tribe of Dan and engraver and designer a
tribe of Dan and engraver and designer a weaver of blue purple and scarlet thread
weaver of blue purple and scarlet thread
weaver of blue purple and scarlet thread and of fine linen all the gold that was
and of fine linen all the gold that was
and of fine linen all the gold that was used in all the work of the holy place
used in all the work of the holy place
used in all the work of the holy place that is the gold of the offering was
that is the gold of the offering was
that is the gold of the offering was twenty nine talents and seven hundred
twenty nine talents and seven hundred
twenty nine talents and seven hundred and thirty shekels according to the
and thirty shekels according to the
and thirty shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary and the silver
shekel of the sanctuary and the silver
shekel of the sanctuary and the silver from those who were numbered of the
from those who were numbered of the
from those who were numbered of the congregation was one hundred talents and
congregation was one hundred talents and
congregation was one hundred talents and 1775 shekels according to the shekel of
1775 shekels according to the shekel of
1775 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary
the sanctuary
the sanctuary a beaker for each man that is half a
a beaker for each man that is half a
a beaker for each man that is half a shekel according to the shekel of the
shekel according to the shekel of the
shekel according to the shekel of the sanctuary for everyone included in the
sanctuary for everyone included in the
sanctuary for everyone included in the numbering from 20 years old and above
numbering from 20 years old and above
numbering from 20 years old and above for six hundred and three thousand five
for six hundred and three thousand five
for six hundred and three thousand five hundred and fifty men and from the
hundred and fifty men and from the
hundred and fifty men and from the hundred talents of silver were cast the
hundred talents of silver were cast the
hundred talents of silver were cast the sockets of the sanctuary and the basis
sockets of the sanctuary and the basis
sockets of the sanctuary and the basis of the veil 100 sockets from the hundred
of the veil 100 sockets from the hundred
of the veil 100 sockets from the hundred talents one talent for each socket then
talents one talent for each socket then
talents one talent for each socket then from the 1775 shekels
from the 1775 shekels
from the 1775 shekels he made hooks for the pillars overlaid
he made hooks for the pillars overlaid
he made hooks for the pillars overlaid their capitals and made bands for them
their capitals and made bands for them
their capitals and made bands for them the offering of bronze was 70 talents
the offering of bronze was 70 talents
the offering of bronze was 70 talents and two thousand four hundred shekels
and two thousand four hundred shekels
and two thousand four hundred shekels and with it
and with it
and with it he made the sockets for the door of the
he made the sockets for the door of the
he made the sockets for the door of the tabernacle of meeting the bronze altar
tabernacle of meeting the bronze altar
tabernacle of meeting the bronze altar the bronze grating for it and all the
the bronze grating for it and all the
the bronze grating for it and all the utensils for the altar the sockets for
utensils for the altar the sockets for
utensils for the altar the sockets for the court all around the bases for the
the court all around the bases for the
the court all around the bases for the court gate all the pegs for the
court gate all the pegs for the
court gate all the pegs for the tabernacle and all the pegs for the
tabernacle and all the pegs for the
tabernacle and all the pegs for the court all around